Hi and welcome to the section on module's packages and package name spaces.
So the first thing is we're going to take a much closer look at all these things and so modules will
see what modules are exactly and I'll give you a hint.
There are objects of type module type.
Next we'll look at how Python loads modules will see the mechanism that Python uses to load modules
and we'll try and actually replicated ourselves using Python code and then we'll also look at how then
we can import without the import statement and we'll look at things like the global module cache and
things like that.
Then we'll look at reloading modules that's a topic that often comes up but will also examine why we
should not do that.
It's not safe.
Then we'll look at the various impled variants like import from you know a module name or package name
import a specific symbol from a package of module import stuff and we'll discuss these various variants.
We'll discuss some of the pitfalls of them but we'll also look at some misconceptions that are related
to imports.
Next we'll look at the Dundon Maine and done domain can be used inside modules but it can also be used
as filenames.
And it does something special in both of these cases.
So we'll take a look at what that is.
They will take a look at Zip archives and we'll see that Python can actually import directly from code
inside the archive so Python can reach insides of archives.
So we'll see how we can do that by importing from the archive.
We'll see how we can actually run an entire application that's been zipped up and is about time.
And then this is on Bash only.
So if you're running on Mac or Linux you already have that if you're on Windows you could always load
up the bash or you could install I should say bash on Windows or you could just run a virtual machine.
And then lastly will look at packages and what is a package.
You know why would we use a package.
How is it different from a module.
Because they are very related but we'll see how that works and how they're related and we'll look therefore
at the role of the Dundreary net that p y file in packages and how it can be leveraged to do useful
stuff.
And then lastly we'll look at the implicit namespace packages now that only showed up in Python 3.3
and above.
So hopefully though you're running Python 3.6 and then what are they.
How do we create and use them and then how they related to standard packages.
And then lastly I will also give you some additional online resources that you can use such as the Python
documentation Papps and so on because the documentation is kind of spread out.
There isn't a single place where you can read everything about modules and packages and implicit namespace
packages.
All right.
Thanks for watching and I'll see in the next video.